I'm told the guy it is a world that it's
hard to explain you hear about it you
read about it you see it on TV for me
was so completely different to what I
thought it would be it was so much more
so much better
[Music]
I've done somewhere between hundred and
hundred fifty trips to Antarctica the
ice is part of the magic that wants me
to return you get drawn into the polar
radiance it's such a wilderness it's
such a pristine landscape you are one
with the wild lives it's just something
that you won't experience over and over
I've been completely in love with the
ocean since I was very very young I
heard stories from my father when he had
worked with Cousteau being brought up
for those stories led to diving which
led me to continue on the past here we
can take the helicopter fly down into
the Weddell Sea and we can look at the
sea as generally the sea as one of the
big paws my job is to get people to
explore more and learn new things it can
be challenging but that experience is
breathtaking
the role of expedition leader brings
quite big responsibility especially when
things start to go wrong on the weather
creeps in them you have snow storms
katabatic winds
I suppose start to move and fog rolls in
you lose old parents around you
it's a place where really the
environments in control
I cover my fellow this bridge we have a
green deck green that I take off the cap
I always feed the earth stop going
around the corner where I haven't been
[Music]
of course it's always nice to reach a
goal or a location but I think that the
journey itself can offer so much more
[Music]
you